What? What the hell is she doing?
Yeong-ro.
Your brother asked me to protect you.
While drawing his last breath,
Yeong-u asked me to keep you safe.
I want to save you first
because you're my daughter.
Can't you understand that?
Open fire!
What was that? Are they going in
without telling me?
Damn it. Follow me.
Hey, Woo! Follow me with the camera!
-Hurry! Block the rest!
-What?
Hurry up!
-You, with me!
-Wait.
What about us?
Come in!
-Yeong-ro!
-Come in!
Move back!
Don't shoot!
Don't shoot! Hold fire!
Who the hell is shooting?
Yeong-ro.
It's all right.
It's okay.
You're safe.
Hold fire!
Kill him.
I'm the ANSP director! Hold fire--
Mr. Eun!
-Mr. Eun.
-They brought a reporter.
Mr. Eun!
Move aside. Mr. Eun!
Damn it!
We need a medical team.
-Bring a stretcher!
-I repeat!
-Hurry!
-The director's down.
-Mr. Eun's unconscious!
-Hurry up.
Move faster!
I was worried
something had happened to you.
I was quite scared.
We're all going to die in a week anyway.
We're all going to die?
Watch what you say.
Shut your own mouth.
You're a warrior of our great Republic,
and you beg your enemy for your life?
And a romance
with the ANSP director's daughter?
Just for that,
you should be shot to death.
The ANSP director's daughter?
Yeong-ro?
Eung-cheol.
All that's left for us now is all-out war.
Search the room for lanterns.
They'll cut off the power
before breaking in.
If they come in, I'll defend the basement.
By yourself?
Untie me.
You're not telling me to die
by enemy hands tied up like this, are you?
You can't, Comrade Lim.
If we untie him,
he'll try to kill you first.
If the power is cut off,
come up to the second floor with him.
Understood.
What do I do? I have to find
a way out before they break in.
That damn wench. What a sly minx.
She's been pretending to be
a rice cake shop's daughter all this time?
The daughter of the ANSP director
who might kill us all…
Hold on.
What if I use that fact to my advantage?
The radio.
I should find it first.